java c
IMM250 Science    Society   Term   Paper   Topic   and   Guidelines   (2024-2025)
Controlling   the   Cholera   Crisis: A   Global   ChallengeThe   World   Health   Organisation   (WHO)   has   identified   the   current   upsurge   in   Cholera   outbreaks   from   2021 to   date as   an   area   of   concern   for   public   health.   Despite   the   successes   in   controlling   cholera   over   the   last   few   decades, the disease   has   re-emerged   in endemic and   non-endemic   regions where   cases   have   not   been   seen for   years.   Cholera   outbreaks can   run   rampant   in conditions of   poor sanitation,   where   the   only   available   option   for   drinking   water   is   likely    unsafe    for    consumption.    These    conditions      are      common      in      times      of      conflict      and      poverty      and      can      be compounded   by the effects of   urbanization, climate change   and   extreme   climate   events from   droughts to   floods,   and   in the aftermath of   major   storms.Cholera      is      caused      by      Vibrio      cholerae,    a      gram-negative      bacterium      that      is      found      in      stagnant      water      bodies      or   reservoirs where the source   is contaminated with either animal   or   human   fecal   waste.   Infection   occurs   when   this   water or cross-contaminated food is consumed and can   result   in   mild to severe   disease   or   even   be   asymptomatic.   For   patients   with   symptoms, there   are   a   range   of   antibiotics   that   can   be   used   for   treatment   but   resistance   to   many   if   not   all   these   antibiotics   is   another   cause   for   concern   worldwide.   According   to   the   WHO,   the   global   risk   for   cholera   is   very   high   and   the   need   for   action   is   critical;   they   have   set   an   ambitious   target   date   of   2030   for   a   90%   reduction   in deaths and cholera elimination   in   high-risk   countries.   Is this   achievable?Prompts:   In   your   Science   and   Society   Paper,   consider   how   V.   cholerae   causes   disease   and   how   it   spreads.   What   are   the   clinical   manifestations   of   cholera,   and   how   is   it   diagnosed?      How   does   our   immune   system   combat   this   bacterial   infection?   How   do we test for   and treat   cholera?   Are   effective   vaccines   available   or   are   they   still   in   the   developmental   pipeline?   Make sure to go   into sufficient detail   and   use   a   variety   of   resources   (both   academic   and   non-academic) to   support   your   work.You   might   also   want   to   think   about   access   to   treatment   in   areas   of   poverty   and   conflict, where   only   limited   access to well-resourced testing and treatment facilities   may   be available. What factors could   pose additional challenges   to disease control, and   how can some of these   obstacles   be   overcome?   How   have the   effects   of   extreme weather   events   and   climate   change   aided   the   current   upsurge   in   cholera   outbreaks   across   the   globe? What   does   this   mean in   terms   of   the   burden   to   public   health?   Use   specific   examples   and   give   an   in-depth   overview   based   on   your   chosen   narrative   and   style   (see   below).Use of generative AI tools: The work   you   submit   for   this   assignment   must   be   your   own   and   may   not   include   any   content   from   generative   artificial   intelligence   (AI)   tools,   either   verbatim   or   with   edits.   You   may,   however,   use   generative AI to support your work to   create   an   outline   for   the   assignment,   but   the   final   submitted   assignment   must   be original work that is correctly   referenced   and   produced   by   you   alone.Any   use   of   generative   AI   must   be   documented   in   an   appendix   for   your   assignment.   The   documentation   should   include   what   tool(s)   was/were      used,    how      they   were      used,    and      how      the      ideas      generated      by      the      AI   were   incorporated into the submitted work.Please note that any uses of   generative   AI beyond the above is NOT   permitted and will be considered unauthorized   aid,   which   is   an   academic   offence. Submissions   will   be   assessed   at   the   discretion   of the   course   coordinator,   and   students   will be asked to show evidence of their   work if   a   case   of   Academic   Integrity   and   the   inappropriate   use   of   generative AI   tools is suspected.   If you   are   unsure   about whether   using generative AI   tools   is   right   for   your   work,   please   discuss   this   with   Dr. Amith   first.Format:   1,800 words   +/-   10%;   double-spaced;   1-inch   margins;   12   pt   Times. Your   paper   c代 写IMM250 Science & Society Term Paper Topic and Guidelines (2024-2025)C/C++
代做程序编程语言an   refer   to   any   assigned course    content      (required/recommended      readings      (e.g.,    papers,    textbook),    references      provided      on      slides),    or additional   references that you find on your own.   Please   do   NOT   reference   lecture slides.
Assignment   Content:   Your   assignment   can   be   approached   in   several   ways,   including   (but   not   limited   to)   the   above   prompts where you can focus   on:
1.                Pathogenesis:    How      does      V.    cholerae      cause      cholera?      Focusing      on      this      aspect      should      include      a      detailed discussion   of   anti-bacterial   immune   responses   in   humans,   specific   to   cholera,   on   a   cellular   and   molecular   level   in asymptomatic to severe disease, as   the   disease   progresses.
2.             Transmission:   How   does   poor   sanitation   and   lack   of   access   to   safe   drinking   water   contribute   to   the   spread   of disease? What environmental or   educational   measures   need to   be   put   into   place to   control   the   spread   of   cholera and   prevent outbreaks?   Is transmission   in endemic versus   non-endemic   countries   different?
3.                Epidemiological   factors: What   epidemiological   factors   determine   occurrence   rates,   distribution,   and   spread of cholera   in   endemic compared to   non-endemic   regions?   Do   historical trends   match what   we   are   currently   seeing?   Discuss the factors that   might   be contributing to changes   in the   epidemiology   of   cholera   specifically   compared to waterborne   bacterial diarrhoeal diseases   in general.
4.             Treatment    and      prevention:      What      are      the      effects      of      antibiotic      resistance      in      the      treatment      of      cholera   worldwide?   Are   there   risk   factors   that   might   make   certain   people   more   susceptible   to   infection?   You   can   also   consider   how   immune   responses   might   differ   in   healthy   versus   vulnerable   or   immunocompromised   populations,   and   what   that   might   mean   in   terms   of   treatment.   Are   vaccines   available   and   how   inclusive   is   access to vaccines to   prevent   potential future outbreaks?
5.             A   ‘holistic   approach’:   where   you   can   discuss   any   combination   of   2   to   3   of   the   above   points   and   explore   key points   in   some   depth,   as   per   word   limits.
Your   paper will be assessed using the criteria detailed in the   rubric   on   the   next page.For   the   Scientific   Content   (worth   50%)   of   your   Science      Society   term   paper,   consider   the   above   prompts   use them   as   a   starting   point   for   your   own   work. You   do   not   have   to   discuss   every   single   prompt   listed – just   discuss   those   points that fit   best   into the story you   are   telling.   Remember   that   your target   readership   is   a   non-scientific   audience, so you will   need to explain any   complex   scientific terms   and   concepts   in   a   way   that   anyone   (regardless   of their scientific   background or expertise) can   understand.You   can   choose   any   Tone   and   Style   (worth   20%) for   your   work; it   can   be   a   more   traditional   academic   style,   or   you can   set   an   informal   non-academic tone,   as   long   as   it fits with your   overall   narrative.   For   example,   your   work   can   be   in   the   form   of   a   descriptive   essay,   an   investigative   report   (like   a   news   article),   a   case   study,   a   blog,   a   podcast transcript,   or   an   interview   with   a   scientist,   clinician,   or   patient.   You   also   have   the   option   of   including   figures   or   infographics   in   your   work   –   you   may   want   to   use   this   opportunity   to   create   something   original   based   on   your   readings.   Make   the   most   of   this   creative   freedom   and   give   us   an   original   take   on   Controlling   the   Cholera   Crisis.
(Originality   and   Creativity, worth   10%)Use   of   Sources   and   Accuracy   of   Information   (worth   20%) Make   sure   that   the   resources   you   use   are   well-balanced between academic and   non-academic works. Sources   must   be cited   in-text,   and   included   in   a   list   of   references   at   the   end   in Vancouver   reference format.       Note that your   work   will   be   submitted to   the   plagiarism   detection   tool   Turnitin      to      check      for      similarity      to      other      published      works;      a      similarity      score      of      25%      or      less      (including      your references)   is considered acceptable.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
